
    // process of creating search filter functionality in front end 

    1. set a state to an emty string 
    2. create a search tag or input field 
    3. create onChange function
    4. create search function itself 
    5. use search function with filter and map

// subcategory
    // creating sub category backend
    1. create SubCategory model 
        1.1 SubCategory will be associated with category. 
            Each subcategory must belong to one parent category.
    2.write controller(CRULD)
        2.1 create 
        2.2 read(get one sub category)
        2.3 update 
        2.4 list(get all sub categories)
        2.5 delete
    3.write routes


// to do 
    get all the sub categories and list them under parent category
    1.back end 
        1.1 import subcategory model
        1.2 parent(category id) will be recieved as params 
            and find that id in subcategory model
        1.3 create route to handle the above step
    2. front end conditional rendering 
        2.1 create a function to to fetch data from the backend (inside connectBackend)
        2.2 import that function desired file or (Create product file)
        2.3 create a OnChange function to get the id of selected category 
        2.4 send that id to imported function in step 2.2 
        2.5 get all the subcategories and render then in <option /> tag 
        2.6 get a selected subcategory or subcategories and set them in
            subcategories array using setSubCategories
        2.7 reset subcategories optionto emty array if selected category is changed.


// product images uploading 
        1.1 create server endpoints to upload and remove image files to/from cloudinary(backend)
        1.2 resize the files in the frontend and sent them to our server(frontend)
        1.3 the server will upload the file to the cloudinary and recieve the uploaded url 
        1.4 the generated url will be sent back to the front end and 
        1.5 display the images by using 
        1.6 now save url to the database 
    




  